Leadership documents (#8)
PLTCom/PLT-org: Committees/Chapter Committees/CFEC/CFEC.adoc

= Chapter Firearms Education Committee (CFEC)
// Title of committee goes here
:toc:

== Composition
// Use this space to describe who the committee is composed of

> The CFEC is composed of chapter members who meet the requrements listed below in the requirements section, and have applied for the committee. The committee is lead by the <<CFED.adoc#,Chapter Firearms Education Director (CFED)>>

Reviewer: requrements -> requirements

Author: ```suggestion
The CFEC is composed of chapter members who meet the requirements listed below in the requirements section, and have applied for the committee. The committee is lead by the <<CFED.adoc#,Chapter Firearms Education Director (CFED)>>
```

> The CFEC is composed of chapter members who meet the requrements listed below in the requirements section, and have applied for the committee. The committee is lead by the <<CFED.adoc#,Chapter Firearms Education Director (CFED)>>

Author: ```suggestion
The CFEC is composed of chapter members who meet the requirements listed below in the requirements section, and have applied for the committee. The committee is lead by the <<CFED.adoc#,Chapter Firearms Education Director (CFED)>>
```

== Requirements
// This section should describe the requirements that need to be met to join  this committee. For national or regional committees, include this section:
// Joining this committee requires you fulfill the requirements listed here (link to relevant chapter committee director)
To join the CFEC, you must complete the following PLTCOM courses:

> * PLTCOM Intro to Scientific Socialism

Reviewer: We should standardize the course titles. Intro or Introduction?

Reviewer: Also, we probably don't need to double up on PLTCOM here

Author: Actually, I'd like course _numbers_ , but I think that's @Joedirte1917's department.

* PLTCOM Intro to Firearms

> Course equivalencies may be accepted based on the judgement of the CFED and National Central Committee. No furthet experience with firearms is necessary.  

Reviewer: furthet -> further

Reviewer: judgement -> judgment

Author: ```suggestion
Course equivalencies may be accepted based on the judgment of the CFED and National Central Committee. No further experience with firearms is necessary.  
```

> Course equivalencies may be accepted based on the judgement of the CFED and National Central Committee. No furthet experience with firearms is necessary.  

Author: ```suggestion
Course equivalencies may be accepted based on the judgment of the CFED and National Central Committee. No further experience with firearms is necessary.  
```

Further, members must submit an application to join the committee. The application asks the following questions:

> * How much experience do you have with firearms

Reviewer: Might want to add 'and what kind'

> * How much experience do you have with firearms

Author: ```suggestion
* How much, and what kind of, experience do you have with firearms?
```

* How many hours per week, on average, are you willing to commit to this committee
* How many committees are you already a member of

> These questions are meant to assess a members ability to participate in the committee and to develop a training plan for a members growth. Importantly, members will **NOT** be excluded for lack of firearms experience.

Reviewer: a members ability -> the applicant's ability
a members growth -> the further development of the applicant's firearms proficiency, with the aim of heightening their capacity to contribute.

> These questions are meant to assess a members ability to participate in the committee and to develop a training plan for a members growth. Importantly, members will **NOT** be excluded for lack of firearms experience.

Author: ```suggestion
These questions are meant to assess the applicant's ability to participate in the committee and to develop a training plan for the further development of the applicant's firearms proficiency, with the aim of heightening their capacity to contribute. Importantly, members will **NOT** be excluded for lack of firearms experience.
```

== Meetings
// Describe the typical meeting and the frequency

> The CFEC should meet monthly to discuss the progress on the goals set in the One Year Plan

Reviewer: at least on a monthly basis

> The CFEC should meet monthly to discuss the progress on the goals set in the One Year Plan

Author: ```suggestion
The CFEC should meet at least monthly to discuss the progress on the goals set in the One Year Plan
```

== Duties
// Describe the duties of members on this committee

* Assist the CFED in the drafting of the committee's One Year Plan

> * Coordinate with the CFED on a personal training plan, then execute the goals on the personal training plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* After coordinating with the CFED on a personal training plan, successful completion of the goals enumerated therein
```
